README.md, before:

# Conversion Calculator

This is repo contains code that I generate while working on the [100 Days of Code](https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/) udemy course for learning Python.

This repo covers the project for days 27 of the course. It is a conversion calculator. Currently, it only does a Miles to KM conversion, but I am planning on expanding it for other conversions.

![GitHub Pipenv locked Python version](https://img.shields.io/github/pipenv/locked/python-version/darkstar-holdings-edu/python_tk_conversion_calculator)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/darkstar-holdings-edu/python_tk_conversion_calculator)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

The things you need before installing the software.

- [pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/index.html) [^1]

[^1]: Note: I use `pipenv` because I like the combination of the `venv` and `pip` commands together. However, I know it's not for everyone. So I've created a `requirements.txt` file if you don't like `pipenv` and just want to use `pip` instead.

### Installation

```sh
pipenv install --dev
pipenv shell
```

## Usage

- `main.py`: Executable to launch the game.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/darkstar-holdings-edu/python_tk_conversion_calculator/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Finished project
Signed-off-by: David Betz <hashref@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Conversion Calculator

This is repo contains code that I generate while working on the [100 Days of Code](https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/) udemy course for learning Python.

This repo covers the project for days 27 of the course. It is a conversion calculator. Currently, it only does a Miles to KM conversion, but I am planning on expanding it for other conversions.

This project takes a big stab at type hinting and using the `__init__.pyi` file.

![GitHub Pipenv locked Python version](https://img.shields.io/github/pipenv/locked/python-version/darkstar-holdings-edu/python_tk_conversion_calculator)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/darkstar-holdings-edu/python_tk_conversion_calculator)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

The things you need before installing the software.

- [pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/index.html) [^1]

[^1]: Note: I use `pipenv` because I like the combination of the `venv` and `pip` commands together. However, I know it's not for everyone. So I've created a `requirements.txt` file if you don't like `pipenv` and just want to use `pip` instead.

### Installation

```sh
pipenv install --dev
pipenv shell
```

## Usage

- `main.py`: Executable to launch the game.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/darkstar-holdings-edu/python_tk_conversion_calculator/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.
